Do not know me, I'm Roberto Amin too.
autocad teacher
I'm here to launch and submit to
You guys are very proud in 2015
using the architecture project with
blogs people leave you in my
experience I worked and after
2007 without advancing without updating I got
very very long time and resources as well
that I never imagined because I stayed
delighted with harry offices in
Brazil or the automatic use of
also be able to generate
building materials for example can
make your lighting points
design the client and I find out
I started studying the subject
available on the internet and courses but
Luciana's book that helped me a lot
but there was still an application
practice whole architecture projects
free in the course I bought the tutorial
that he heard was always aimed solely
I decided to find nothing else
same in the internet nor the basic its form
to optimize your boss and then enjoy
See you